Add 3pid unbind callback to module API (#13227)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/modules/third_party_rules_callbacks.md

If multiple modules implement this callback, Synapse runs them all in order.

> ### `on_threepid_unbind`

Reviewer: Maybe just `unbind_threepid`, wdyt?

> ### `on_threepid_unbind`

Author: `unbind_threepid` kind of convey a replacement to me.

`on_` is blurry to me between right after and right before. I feel like `on_` + doc is fine but you are more skilled than me in English so I could be wrong :) `before_unbind_threepid` perhaps ?

> ### `on_threepid_unbind`

Reviewer: Well it's more that empirically in programming `on_` usually means the callback reacts to something that has already happened. For example, if you consider JavaScript's event listeners, you're going to register a callback e.g. "on click", meaning we're reacting to the event that's sent once the action has happened. `before_unbind_threepid` feels a bit awkward to me but could work ultimately.

I still think `unbind_threepid` makes sense, in that when we call it we're asking the module to unbind the threepid. Plus one could argue that it could be correct to understand it as a replacement since it can act as one (since you can tell Synapse to not go any further). But I'm pretty bad at naming things so maybe there's a better name for it, so feel free to share ideas if you have some.

_First introduced in Synapse v1.63.0_

```python
async def on_threepid_unbind(
    user_id: str, medium: str, address: str, identity_server: str
) -> Tuple[bool, bool]:
```

Called before a threepid association is removed.

It should return a tuple of 2 booleans reporting if a changed happened for the first, and if unbind
needs to stop there for the second (True value). In this case no other module unbind will be
called, and the default unbind made to the IS that was used on bind will also be skipped.
In any case the mapping will be removed from the Synapse 3pid remote table, except if an Exception

> was raised at some point.

Reviewer: I have a few issues with this documentation:

* it doesn't explain what the arguments passed to the callback mean
* it doesn't mention that the module can then do its own custom unbinding (and should probably hint at using it together with `on_threepid_bind`)
* it's quite unclear what the return values mean:
  * the first boolean reports if a change happens, but what is a change in this context?
  * the second boolean indicates whether unbind needs to stop there, but what happens if it's `False
* it doesn't mention what happens when there are multiple callbacks registered

Feel free to have a look at the documentation for other callbacks for inspiration.

If multiple modules implement this callback, Synapse runs them all in order.

### `unbind_threepid`

_First introduced in Synapse v1.74.0_

```python
async def unbind_threepid(
    user_id: str, medium: str, address: str, identity_server: str
) -> Tuple[bool, bool]:
```

Called before a threepid association is removed.

The module is given the Matrix ID of the user to which an association is to be removed,
as well as the medium (`email` or `msisdn`), address of the third-party identifier and
the identity server where the threepid was successfully registered.

A module can hence do its own custom unbinding, if for example it did also registered a custom
binding logic with `on_threepid_bind`.

It should return a tuple of 2 booleans:

> - first one should be `True` on a success calling the identity server, otherwise `False` if
> the identity server doesn't support unbinding (or no identity server found to contact).
> - second one should be `True` if unbind needs to stop there. In this case no other module
> unbind will be called, and the default unbind made to the IS that was used on bind will also be
> skipped. In any case the mapping will be removed from the Synapse 3pid remote table,
> except if an Exception was raised at some point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- whether the unbind was successful (`True` in this case, `False` otherwise).
- whether Synapse should stop the unbinding process there (`True` in this case, `False` otherwise). In
this case, Synapse will also remove any local record of an association between the local user and the
third-party identifier on a remote identity server.

If multiple modules implement this callback, they will be considered in order. Unless the return value of
a callback indicates to stop the unbinding process, Synapse falls through to the next one. Otherwise,
Synapse will not call any subsequent implementation of this callback.
```

We should also add to the last paragraph a mention of how the first boolean is processed once we have resolved this question in a previous thread.

A few things this suggestion changes:
* I don't believe it is safe to assume all modules will do their binding/unbinding against an identity server, so it might not make sense to tie the definition of return values to the existence of an identity server.
* The bit about exceptions don't feel right to me: first, looking at the code it doesn't look correct; second the way it's phrased makes it sound like modules should use exceptions to define whether Synapse should delete the remote record, and using exceptions as a control method is something we actively try to discourage.
* Also some clarity and consistency on how Synapse handles multiple modules implementing this callback.
